day,locations,types,sensor_id,heading
friday,Bathroom,Cabinet,67,Personalneeds
friday,Bathroom,Door,130,Moving
friday,Bathroom,Exhaust Fan,96,Personalneeds
friday,Bathroom,Light switch,101,Personalneeds
friday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,57,Personalneeds
friday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,58,Personalneeds
friday,Bathroom,Shower faucet,93,Personalneeds
friday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - cold,88,Personalneeds
friday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - hot,68,Personalneeds
friday,Bathroom,Toilet Flush,100,Personalneeds
friday,Bedroom,Drawer,62,Personalneeds
friday,Bedroom,Drawer,71,Personalneeds
friday,Bedroom,Drawer,86,Personalneeds
friday,Bedroom,Drawer,146,Personalneeds
friday,Bedroom,Jewelry box,139,Personalneeds
friday,Bedroom,Light switch,108,Personalneeds
friday,Foyer,Closet,81,Goingout
friday,Foyer,Door,140,Moving
friday,Foyer,Light switch,104,Goingout
friday,Kitchen,Burner,94,Cooking
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,51,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,53,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,55,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,59,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,61,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,61,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,63,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,66,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,72,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,73,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Cabinet,80,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Dishwasher,70,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Door,54,Moving
friday,Kitchen,Door,141,Moving
friday,Kitchen,Drawer,84,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Drawer,135,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Freezer,137,Personalneeds
friday,Kitchen,Laundry Dryer,90,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Light switch,95,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Light switch,105,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Light switch,120,Domesticwork
friday,Kitchen,Microwave,143,Cooking
friday,Kitchen,Oven,129,Cooking
friday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,91,Personalneeds
friday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,126,Personalneeds
friday,Kitchen,Toaster,131,Cooking
friday,Kitchen,Washing Machine,142,Domesticwork
friday,Living room,DVD,56,Leisure
friday,Living room,Lamp,76,Leisure
friday,Living room,Light switch,97,Leisure
friday,Living room,Light switch,107,Leisure
friday,Office/study,Drawer,82,Educational
friday,Office/study,Light switch,92,Educational
monday,Bathroom,Cabinet,67,Personalneeds
monday,Bathroom,Door,130,Moving
monday,Bathroom,Exhaust Fan,96,Personalneeds
monday,Bathroom,Light switch,101,Personalneeds
monday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,57,Personalneeds
monday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,58,Personalneeds
monday,Bathroom,Shower faucet,93,Personalneeds
monday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - cold,88,Personalneeds
monday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - hot,68,Personalneeds
monday,Bathroom,Toilet Flush,100,Personalneeds
monday,Bedroom,Drawer,62,Personalneeds
monday,Bedroom,Drawer,71,Personalneeds
monday,Bedroom,Drawer,75,Personalneeds
monday,Bedroom,Jewelry box,139,Personalneeds
monday,Bedroom,Lamp,64,Leisure
monday,Foyer,Closet,81,Goingout
monday,Foyer,Door,140,Moving
monday,Kitchen,Burner,94,Cooking
monday,Kitchen,Cabinet,53,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Cabinet,55,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Cabinet,61,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Cabinet,63,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Cabinet,72,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Cabinet,73,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Cabinet,80,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Door,54,Moving
monday,Kitchen,Door,141,Moving
monday,Kitchen,Drawer,84,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Freezer,137,Personalneeds
monday,Kitchen,Laundry Dryer,90,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Light switch,120,Domesticwork
monday,Kitchen,Microwave,143,Cooking
monday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,91,Personalneeds
monday,Kitchen,Toaster,131,Cooking
monday,Office/study,Drawer,82,Educational
monday,Office/study,Light switch,92,Educational
saturday,Bathroom,Cabinet,67,Personalneeds
saturday,Bathroom,Door,130,Moving
saturday,Bathroom,Exhaust Fan,96,Personalneeds
saturday,Bathroom,Light switch,101,Personalneeds
saturday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,57,Personalneeds
saturday,Bathroom,Shower faucet,93,Personalneeds
saturday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - cold,88,Personalneeds
saturday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - hot,68,Personalneeds
saturday,Bathroom,Toilet Flush,100,Personalneeds
saturday,Bedroom,Drawer,62,Personalneeds
saturday,Bedroom,Drawer,71,Personalneeds
saturday,Bedroom,Drawer,75,Personalneeds
saturday,Bedroom,Drawer,86,Personalneeds
saturday,Bedroom,Drawer,146,Personalneeds
saturday,Bedroom,Jewelry box,139,Personalneeds
saturday,Bedroom,Light switch,108,Personalneeds
saturday,Bedroom,Window,85,Domesticwork
saturday,Foyer,Closet,81,Goingout
saturday,Foyer,Door,140,Moving
saturday,Foyer,Light switch,104,Goingout
saturday,Kitchen,Burner,94,Cooking
saturday,Kitchen,Burner,99,Cooking
saturday,Kitchen,Burner,106,Cooking
saturday,Kitchen,Burner,118,Cooking
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,51,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,53,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,55,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,59,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,61,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,63,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,63,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,66,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,72,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,73,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,80,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,83,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,83,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,89,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Cabinet,132,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Coffee machine,119,Cooking
saturday,Kitchen,Dishwasher,70,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Door,54,Moving
saturday,Kitchen,Door,141,Moving
saturday,Kitchen,Drawer,52,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Drawer,69,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Drawer,78,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Drawer,84,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Drawer,87,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Drawer,125,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Drawer,135,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Freezer,137,Personalneeds
saturday,Kitchen,Garbage disposal,98,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Laundry Dryer,90,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Light switch,95,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Light switch,105,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Light switch,120,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Microwave,143,Cooking
saturday,Kitchen,Oven,129,Cooking
saturday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,91,Personalneeds
saturday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,126,Personalneeds
saturday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,144,Personalneeds
saturday,Kitchen,Toaster,131,Cooking
saturday,Kitchen,Washing Machine,142,Domesticwork
saturday,Kitchen,Window,136,Domesticwork
saturday,Living room,DVD,56,Leisure
saturday,Living room,Lamp,76,Leisure
saturday,Living room,Light switch,107,Leisure
saturday,Office/study,Drawer,82,Educational
saturday,Office/study,Light switch,92,Educational
sunday,Bathroom,Cabinet,67,Personalneeds
sunday,Bathroom,Cabinet,79,Personalneeds
sunday,Bathroom,Door,130,Moving
sunday,Bathroom,Exhaust Fan,96,Personalneeds
sunday,Bathroom,Light switch,101,Personalneeds
sunday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,57,Personalneeds
sunday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,58,Personalneeds
sunday,Bathroom,Shower faucet,93,Personalneeds
sunday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - cold,88,Personalneeds
sunday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - hot,68,Personalneeds
sunday,Bathroom,Toilet Flush,100,Personalneeds
sunday,Bedroom,Drawer,62,Personalneeds
sunday,Bedroom,Drawer,71,Personalneeds
sunday,Bedroom,Drawer,75,Personalneeds
sunday,Bedroom,Drawer,75,Personalneeds
sunday,Bedroom,Drawer,86,Personalneeds
sunday,Bedroom,Drawer,146,Personalneeds
sunday,Bedroom,Jewelry box,139,Personalneeds
sunday,Bedroom,Lamp,64,Leisure
sunday,Foyer,Closet,81,Goingout
sunday,Foyer,Door,140,Moving
sunday,Foyer,Light switch,104,Goingout
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,51,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,53,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,55,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,59,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,61,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,63,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,66,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,72,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,73,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,80,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Cabinet,83,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Dishwasher,70,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Door,54,Moving
sunday,Kitchen,Door,141,Moving
sunday,Kitchen,Drawer,78,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Drawer,84,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Drawer,87,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Drawer,125,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Drawer,135,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Freezer,137,Personalneeds
sunday,Kitchen,Garbage disposal,98,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Laundry Dryer,90,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Light switch,95,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Light switch,120,Domesticwork
sunday,Kitchen,Microwave,143,Cooking
sunday,Kitchen,Oven,129,Cooking
sunday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,91,Personalneeds
sunday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,126,Personalneeds
sunday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,144,Personalneeds
sunday,Kitchen,Toaster,131,Cooking
sunday,Kitchen,Washing Machine,142,Domesticwork
sunday,Living room,Lamp,76,Leisure
sunday,Office/study,Drawer,82,Educational
sunday,Office/study,Light switch,92,Educational
thursday,Bathroom,Cabinet,67,Personalneeds
thursday,Bathroom,Cabinet,79,Personalneeds
thursday,Bathroom,Door,130,Moving
thursday,Bathroom,Exhaust Fan,96,Personalneeds
thursday,Bathroom,Light switch,101,Personalneeds
thursday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,57,Personalneeds
thursday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,58,Personalneeds
thursday,Bathroom,Shower faucet,93,Personalneeds
thursday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - cold,88,Personalneeds
thursday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - hot,68,Personalneeds
thursday,Bathroom,Toilet Flush,100,Personalneeds
thursday,Bedroom,Drawer,62,Personalneeds
thursday,Bedroom,Drawer,71,Personalneeds
thursday,Bedroom,Drawer,75,Personalneeds
thursday,Bedroom,Drawer,86,Personalneeds
thursday,Bedroom,Drawer,146,Personalneeds
thursday,Bedroom,Jewelry box,139,Personalneeds
thursday,Bedroom,Lamp,64,Leisure
thursday,Bedroom,Light switch,108,Personalneeds
thursday,Foyer,Closet,81,Goingout
thursday,Foyer,Door,140,Moving
thursday,Foyer,Light switch,104,Goingout
thursday,Kitchen,Burner,94,Cooking
thursday,Kitchen,Burner,106,Cooking
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,51,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,53,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,55,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,59,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,61,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,63,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,66,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,72,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,73,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,80,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,83,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,132,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cabinet,138,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Cereal,145,Personalneeds
thursday,Kitchen,Coffee machine,119,Cooking
thursday,Kitchen,Containers,60,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Dishwasher,70,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Door,54,Moving
thursday,Kitchen,Door,141,Moving
thursday,Kitchen,Drawer,52,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Drawer,78,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Drawer,84,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Drawer,135,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Freezer,137,Personalneeds
thursday,Kitchen,Laundry Dryer,90,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Light switch,95,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Light switch,105,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Light switch,120,Domesticwork
thursday,Kitchen,Microwave,143,Cooking
thursday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,91,Personalneeds
thursday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,126,Personalneeds
thursday,Kitchen,Toaster,131,Cooking
thursday,Kitchen,Washing Machine,142,Domesticwork
thursday,Living room,Lamp,76,Leisure
thursday,Office/study,Drawer,82,Educational
thursday,Office/study,Light switch,92,Educational
tuesday,Bathroom,Cabinet,67,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bathroom,Door,130,Moving
tuesday,Bathroom,Exhaust Fan,96,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bathroom,Light switch,101,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,57,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,58,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bathroom,Shower faucet,93,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - cold,88,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - hot,68,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bathroom,Toilet Flush,100,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bedroom,Drawer,71,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bedroom,Drawer,75,Personalneeds
tuesday,Bedroom,Jewelry box,139,Personalneeds
tuesday,Foyer,Closet,81,Goingout
tuesday,Foyer,Door,140,Moving
tuesday,Foyer,Light switch,104,Goingout
tuesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,53,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,55,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,72,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,73,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,80,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,133,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Cereal,145,Personalneeds
tuesday,Kitchen,Containers,60,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Drawer,52,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Drawer,84,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Freezer,137,Personalneeds
tuesday,Kitchen,Light switch,120,Domesticwork
tuesday,Kitchen,Microwave,143,Cooking
tuesday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,91,Personalneeds
tuesday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,126,Personalneeds
tuesday,Kitchen,Toaster,131,Cooking
tuesday,Living room,Lamp,76,Leisure
tuesday,Living room,Light switch,107,Leisure
tuesday,Office/study,Drawer,82,Educational
tuesday,Office/study,Light switch,92,Educational
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Cabinet,67,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Cabinet,79,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Door,130,Moving
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Exhaust Fan,96,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Light switch,101,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,57,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Medicine cabinet,58,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Shower faucet,93,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - cold,88,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Sink faucet - hot,68,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bathroom,Toilet Flush,100,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bedroom,Drawer,62,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bedroom,Drawer,71,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bedroom,Drawer,75,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bedroom,Drawer,146,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bedroom,Jewelry box,139,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Bedroom,Lamp,64,Leisure
wedsnesday,Foyer,Closet,81,Goingout
wedsnesday,Foyer,Door,140,Moving
wedsnesday,Foyer,Light switch,104,Goingout
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,53,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,55,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,59,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,61,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,66,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,72,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,73,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,80,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cabinet,83,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Cereal,145,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Coffee machine,119,Cooking
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Containers,60,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Dishwasher,70,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Door,54,Moving
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Door,141,Moving
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Drawer,52,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Drawer,84,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Drawer,135,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Freezer,137,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Garbage disposal,98,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Laundry Dryer,90,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Light switch,95,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Light switch,105,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Light switch,120,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Microwave,143,Cooking
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,91,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Refrigerator,144,Personalneeds
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Toaster,131,Cooking
wedsnesday,Kitchen,Washing Machine,142,Domesticwork
wedsnesday,Living room,Light switch,97,Leisure
wedsnesday,Living room,Light switch,107,Leisure
wedsnesday,Office/study,Drawer,82,Educational
wedsnesday,Office/study,Light switch,92,Educational
